Pulling code for GRD-75254, GRD-73301, and GRD-73302 (#382)
IBM/universal-connectors: filter-plugin/logstash-filter-azure-postgresql-guardium/README.md

Currently, this plug-in will work only on IBM Security Guardium Data Protection, not Guardium Insights.

The plug-in is free and open-source (Apache 2.0). It can be used as a starting point to develop additional filter plug-ins for Guardium universal connector.

## 1.	Configuring the Azure PostgreSQL service

There are following ways to get Azure PostgreSQL audit data:
1. Azure Event Hub
2. Azure Storage
3. Log Analytics Workspace
4. Azure Partner Solution

In this plugin we have used Azure Event Hub.

###	Procedure:
1. Go to https://portal.azure.com/.
2. Click search bar.
3. Search for azure database for postgreSQL servers.

> 4. Click on 'Create' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Create**.
```

> 5. Select resource type.(here we use single server.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select a resource type. (Here we selected single server.)
```

> 6. Select Single server and click on create button and fill details in basic option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select **Single server** > **create** and fill in the details for the **basic** option.
```

7. In Basic option:
   1. Select your subscription name.

>    2. Select existing resource group or create new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Select an existing resource group or create a new one.
```

>    3. For new resource group click on create button  and enter name for resource group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. For a new resource group, click **create**  and enter a name for **resource group**.
```

>    4. Provide 'Server Name'. Keep 'Data source' as none ,select appropriate location and set 'Version=11'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Fille in the **Server Name** field. Keep **Data source** as **none** ,select the appropriate location, and set **Version=11**.
```

>    5. Keep compute + storage as 'General Purpose, 4 vCore(s), 100 GB'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. Keep **compute + storage** as **General Purpose, 4 vCore(s), 100 GB**.
```

>    6. Provide server admin username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   6. Provide a server admin username and password.
```

8.	Click 'Review + Create' Button.

> 9.	Verify the configuration and then click on 'Create' Button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9.	Verify the configuration and then click **Create**.
```

> 10.	After successful creation of resource group, select resource button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10.	After you successfully create a resource group, select **resource**.
```

> 11.	From settings,select connection security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11.	From **settings**, select **connection security**.
```

> 12.	In firewall rules,select allow access to azure services to 'Yes'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12.	In **firewall rules**, select **Yes** for **allow access to azure services**.
```

> 13. Click on add current client IP address, and then click on Save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Click **add current client IP address**, and then click **Save**.
```

	
	
## 2. Enabling Auditing

1.	From settings,select server parameter.
2.	Search for shared_preload_libraries in server parameter.
3.	Select shared_preload_libraries as PGAUDIT and save.
4.	Go to overview and restart the server to apply the changes.
5.	After installation of pgAudit, you can configure its parameters to start logging.

>       1. Under Settings, select server parameters and set server parameters as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. In **Settings**, select **server parameters** and set the server parameters as follows:
```

         * log_checkpoints = off
         * log_connections = off
         * log_disconnections = off
         * log_duration = off
         * log_error_verbosity = VERBOSE 
         * log_line_prefix = specify as per requirement but should include 
         timestamp, client ip, client port, database username, database name, process id, application name,sql state. 
         Refer from this link https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-logging.html#GUC-LOG-LINE-PREFIX
         (eg:- %t:%r:%u@%d:[%p]:%a:%e)
         * pgaudit.log = DDL,FUNCTION,READ,WRITE,ROLE 
         * pgaudit.log_catalog = off 
         * pgaudit.log_client = off 
         * pgaudit.log_parameter = off 

> 6. Click save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **save**.
```

			

## 3. Viewing the Audit logs
		
### Azure Event Hub Connection:

> 1. Search Storage Accounts in the search bar of the Azure portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Search for Storage Accounts in the search bar of the Azure portal.
```

    7. Copy the presented connection string and save it somewhere.
2. Search "event hub" in search bar.
3. Select **Create** to **create event hubs namespace**.
4. To create a namespace:
    1. Select the subscription in which you want to create the namespace.
    2. Select the resource group you created in the previous step.
    3. Enter a unique name for the namespace.
    4. Select a location for the namespace.
    5. Choose the appropriate pricing tier.(In this case, we selected basic.)
    6. Leave the throughput units settings (or processing units settings for standard and premium tiers) as it is.
    7. Select **Review + Create**.
    8. Review the settings and select **create**.
    9. After successful creation, the recently created namespace appears in the resource group.

5. To create an event hub:
    1. Go to the Event Hubs Namespace page.
    2. Click **+ Event Hub** to add event hub.
    3. Enter a unique name for the event hub, then select **create**.

6. Connection string for a eventhub:
    1. In the list of event hubs, select your event hub.
    2. On the Event Hubs instance page, go to **settings**  >  **shared access policies** > **Add**.

>     3. In shared access policies click on add button from top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. In shared access policies click **add**.
```

    4. Provide the name to policy and choose **manage** from the permissions and create the policy.
    5. Take the value of the primary key - connection string from the policy (this is required for an input plug-in).

>     6. The value of the Primary Key - Connection String will be used in the parameter **event_hub_connections** in the input of the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    6. The value of the primary key - connection string will be used in the parameter **event_hub_connections** in the input of the plug-in.
```

7. Stream logs to an event hub:
    1. Go to the server in your Azure portal.
    2. From **Monitoring**, select **Diagnostics settings** and do either of the following:
        1. Change existing settings by selecting **Edit setting**.
        2. Add new settings by selecting **Add diagnostics setting**.

>         3. To add new settings, do following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        3. To add new settings, do the following:
```

file and give the name `$Default`.
      2. For the other machine, put the name of the other consumer group in the same location.
      3. Keep all other configurations as is.

#### Note
There are some recommendations while configuring the plug-in to read from multiple event hubs. These recommendations 
apply to both scenarios; when there is more than one connection string in `event_hub_connections` as well as when 
there are multiple universal connector configurations in one Guardium machine.

* When there is more than one connection string provided in the `event_hub_connections` parameter, 
define both `storage_connection` and `consumer_group` parameters. They help to differentiate the files where timestamp 
offsets are written. The `azure_event_hubs` input does not store the offset locally. 
More details are here in the Logstash [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/plugins-inputs-azure_event_hubs.html#plugins-inputs-azure_event_hubs-best-practices).

Not following this recommendation may result into data loss.

## 4. Connecting to Azure postgreSQL Database:

1. Start the psql and provide connection details.

> 2. Enter the **server name** (from overview window of server in azure portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter the **server name** (from the overview window of the server in the Azure portal).
```

3. Enter the database name as 'postgres'.
4. Enter 'port' as 5432.

> 5. Provide the 'username' (you will get it from azure portal,click on overview and copy admin username) and ‘password’ that we had set while creating the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Provide the 'username' (you can get it from the Azure portal. Click **overview** and copy the admin username and ‘password’ that you set when you created the database).
```

6. Click enter.
7. Enter command to give access to pgaudit.
    ```text
    GRANT pg_read_all_settings TO <admin-username>;
    (use admin-username which is given at the time of creation of database)
    eg:-GRANT pg_read_all_settings TO postgres; 
    ```

#### Limitations

> * The azure postgreSQL plug-in does not support IPV6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Azure PostgreSQL plug-in does not support IPV6.
```

> * For sql errors and login failed,sql string is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For SQL errors and failed logins, SQL string is not available.
```

> * For primary or foreign key constraints violation, entry would be added to sql error report as well as full sql report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For primary or foreign key constraints violations, entry are added to both the SQL error report and the full SQL report.
```

> * Source program will be seen as blank in report for some clients(here for psql and pgadmin we get value but for visual studio it is blank).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The source program will be seen as blank in the report for some clients (in this case, values appear for psql and pgadmin but visual studio is blank).
```

## 5. Configuring the Azure PostgreSQL filters in Guardium

The Guardium universal connector is the Guardium entry point for native audit logs. The Guardium universal connector identifies and parses the received events, and converts them to a standard Guardium format. The output of the Guardium universal connector is forwarded to the Guardium sniffer on the collector, for policy and auditing enforcements. Configure Guardium to read the native audit logs by customizing the azure postgreSQL template.

#### Before you begin

> * You must have LFD policy enabled on the collector. The detailed steps can be found in step 4 on [this page](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/guardium/11.4?topic=dpi-installing-testing-filter-input-plug-in-staging-guardium-system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure the policies you require. See [policies](/docs/#policies) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Please ONLY work off existing plug-in readmes that are live in GitHub when you are creating new instructions . That way we can ensure that all the information is current and all my previous edits continue to appear.

* You must have permission for the S-Tap Management role. The admin user includes this role by default. 

> * Download the [azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip](https://github.ibm.com/Activity-Insights/universal-connectors/blob/master/filter-plugin/logstash-filter-azure-postgresql-guardium/AzurePostgresqlOverAzureEventHub/azurepostgresql/azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip) plug-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the [azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip](https://github.ibm.com/Activity-Insights/universal-connectors/blob/master/filter-plugin/logstash-filter-azure-postgresql-guardium/AzurePostgresqlOverAzureEventHub/azurepostgresql/azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip) plug-in. (Do not unzip the offline-package file throughout the procedure). This step is not necessary for Guardium Data Protection v12.0 and later.
```

#### Procedure : 

1.	On the collector, go to Setup > Tools and Views > Configure Universal Connector.

> 2.	First enable the Universal Guardium connector, if it is disabled already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.	First enable the universal connector if it is currently disabled.
```

> 3.	Click Upload File and select the offline [azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip](https://github.ibm.com/Activity-Insights/universal-connectors/blob/master/filter-plugin/logstash-filter-azure-postgresql-guardium/AzurePostgresqlOverAzureEventHub/azurepostgresql/azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip) plugin. After it is uploaded,click OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.	Click Upload File and select the offline [azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip](https://github.ibm.com/Activity-Insights/universal-connectors/blob/master/filter-plugin/logstash-filter-azure-postgresql-guardium/AzurePostgresqlOverAzureEventHub/azurepostgresql/azure-postgresql-offline-plugins-7.5.2.zip) plugin. After it is uploaded,click OK. This is not necessary for Guardium Data Protection v12.0 and later.
```
